well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about both
sides we're going to talk about
bias we're going to do this because i
noticed a few comments
and one question comments suggesting
that i have shown my bias
in regards to trump and biden and the
question
was when am i going to go after biden
the way i do trump
fair enough fair enough but first
what's bias unfair favoritism
shown to a person or idea something like
that
real simple definition but the key
phrase there key part
is unfair double standards
that's bias
being unbiased does not require that if
i say something mean about trump today
i have to say something mean about biden
tomorrow
it's not what it means
what is uh my job on this channel
it's in the about section i want to
apply common sense
common sense to the situations we face
in the world and the country today
pretty simple
if trump says it's raining and
biden says it isn't my job
isn't to say hey this is what trump said
this is what biden said
now my job is to look out the window
apply some common sense
and when you do that and you apply
even base minimum standards fairly
it's really easy to make an objective
determination
trump openly aligns himself
with the worst people the country has to
offer
he openly aligns with the most divisive
most
hateful people in the nation biden
doesn't do that
objectively by that incredibly low
standard
biden is the better man
when am i going to go after biden the
way i do trump hopefully
january 22nd biden is not my man
i've said it a dozen times on this
channel i am not a fan
to be honest however
he's objectively less harmful
i don't have high expectations
for a biden administration i don't think
he's gonna usher in a golden age
bring camelot back it's not what i
foresee
i foresee having to go after him the
same way i do trump
pretty quickly because there is a
a cause that's very personal to me that
he's not great on
to be completely honest he's better than
trump
but everybody is so that doesn't really
matter
i would imagine that by march
there will be a video from me asking why
something hasn't been done yet
why some of trump's policies down on the
border haven't been reversed
and probably another one a month or two
later
because biden is better but he's not up
to my standards
so if i was to apply that fairly i would
have to do that
but see biden is a private citizen right
now
and as a private citizen he has shown
more leadership
than trump if i apply the standard
fairly
objectively that makes biden the better
man
this isn't really hard
i don't expect much from biden i just
want him to stop the decline into
being a failed state and i believe he
can do that
this can actually pretty much
all be summed up by something happened
at the convenience store yesterday guy
who
knows i'm pretty political asked me what
i thought about the debates
i said i'm no fan of biden but i don't
believe the country can survive another
four years of trump
pretty low standard right there isn't it
but that's the standard that trump has
set
see people say that a lot candidate x is
going to destroy the country
i've never said that before in my life
and i mean it quite literally
when it comes to trump i do not believe
that the semblance of a representative
democracy that we have in the united
states
will survive another four years of trump
that is an objective determination based
on the last four years
it's not bias it's looking at what he's
done
what he's failed to do what he's
attempted to do
he's an authoritarian in the making
objectively
that's not bias that's
applying the same standard i think what
people
want when they say this
is neutrality i think people are
confusing
neutrality and bias i'm not neutral
i've never claimed to be neutral i don't
want to be neutral
there is a lot of injustice in the world
i am not taking the side of the
oppressor
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day